Updated `README.md` with project narrative (#214)
DeFiCh/wallet: README.md

DeFi Blockchain Light Wallet for iOS, Android & Web.

## Releases

DeFi Wallet has 3 releases channel and unique environment for each of those
channel. [`app/environment.ts`](/app/environment.ts) carries the environment state for those releases channel.

<details>
<summary><b>Production</b></summary>

> Created by Expo Application Service and configured in [`eas.json`](/eas.json) it creates a native build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Created by Expo Application Service and configured in [`eas.json`](/eas.json), It creates a native build
```

Author: ```suggestion
Created by Expo Application Service and configured in [`eas.json`](/eas.json), it creates a native build
```

with [`release-publish.yml`](/.github/workflows/release-publish.yml) workflow on type "published". Builds can only be

> trigger by DeFiChain engineers, they are automatically uploaded into native app store for distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
triggered by DeFiChain engineers, they are automatically uploaded into native app store for distribution.
```

> Production environment is no debug and **MainNet** is the only network available.

Reviewer: This line is a bit confusing. Maybe something like, In production environment, only **MainNet** is available and debugging is not available.

Author: ```suggestion
In the production environment, only MainNet is available, and debugging is not available.
```

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Preview</b></summary>

Preview builds are created by 2 workflow. First at each pull request
via [`expo-preview.yml`](/.github/workflows/expo-preview.yml) workflow, release are prefixed `pr-preview-`. Secondly
at  [`release-publish.yml`](/.github/workflows/release-publish.yml) workflow on type "prereleased".

> Preview environment has debug ability and all available network configured.

Author: ```suggestion
In the preview environment, all networks are available, and debugging is enabled.
```

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Development</b></summary>

Development builds are created on local machine and not triggered by any CI workflow.

> Development environment has debug ability and all playground network configured.

Author: ```suggestion
In the development environment, all playground networks are available, and debugging is enabled.
```

npm install
```

### Project Structure

```txt
wallet/
├─ app/
│  ├─ hooks/
│  └─ wallet/
├─ assets/
├─ components/
├─ cypress/
├─ screens/
│  ├─ ...Navigator/
│  └─ Main.tsx
├─ store/
└─ translations/
   └─ languages/
```

DeFi Wallet project is structured with 7 core directories. Each pull request will likely carry significant changes into
those directories with `i18n`, `e2e` and feature implementation.

1. `/app` - all non UI logic, hooks, wallet management and etc
2. `/assets` - for assets of the project that can be loaded at startup
3. `/components` - top level components for shared design language
4. `/cypress` - E2E tested facilitated through web technologies
5. `/screens` - screens hierarchy tree matching directory hierarchy tree
6. `/store`  - global state that is used at least more than once in screens
7. `/translations` - various language translations

### Testing

There are 2 types of tests in DeFi Wallet.

#### Unit Testing

> Unit testing are created to test each individual units/components of a software. As they are unit tests, they should be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unit testing is created to test each individual units/components of a software. As they are unit tests, they should be
```
